all right so let's take a little closer
look at a super-sharp
2005 BMW 330 CI z HP 6-speed this 330ci
is a Imola red exterior you have a cloth
and Alcantara interior
I've done multiple walk arounds of these
zhp 330s rarely do I get a 330ci zhp as
those are seem to be a lot harder to
find especially in Imola red one and
also a six-speed manual transmission
extremely rare car right here especially
these days but this one is very well
kept and drives great this in molar red
one of my favorite Reds out of all the
makes really brings out the sportiness
in these sea-ice this one's going to
come with an 18-inch wheel here these
wheels again are unique to the zhp aka
Performance Package and the same wheel
and tire size as the m3
you
little closer look at the rear here one
thing I like about the CI is you get
these LED tail lights that was unique to
the coupe the sedan didn't come with
those you also get the nice rear bumper
there it's unique to the CHP as well
look at the inside here as I mentioned
before it's a cloth Alcantara mix on
these seats you have Alcantara on the
bolsters with a cloth Center the
Alcantara is a suede black material very
common in these cars as well as the m3
and m5
we hear that a straight-6 of course fire
up just as you'd expect one thing I want
to mention on the zhb package you get
these really cool red needles something
you'd find also in the m3 and m5 only
you can see everything obviously
functioning as it should all the gauges
working perfectly let's take a look at
some of the features inside this 330ci
of course as you'd expect in any BMW
with the any kind of Sport Package you
have nice three spoke sport leather
wrapped multifunction steering wheel
standard controls right there on it with
your radio controls in your cruise
control come over here in the center
console you've got your standard BMW
head unit this one is equipped also with
the Harman Kardon sound system so
excellent sound factory sound system of
course your standard e46 climate control
right there this one also has your
optional front heated seats there as
well so that's always a nice option
especially this time of year and again
as I mentioned before this one does have
the manual 6-speed transmission again I
see thousands of cars a week and
incredibly rare to find one of these
especially with the six-speed it is a
short throw shifter compared to the
normally 46 and it's also a 6-speed
instead of a 5-speed so your standard
cup holder and armrest the middle there
the zhp one thing I love about them they
got this nice a black carbon fiber look
trim there it goes well with this darker
headliner and the seats very well done
so what you're looking at right here is
the three litre inline-six and that's
going to give you 235 horsepower again
10 horsepower over the normal 330ci due
to hotter cams different engine
management more high flow exhaust a
couple there small engine items but
again you route this to that manual
6-speed very quick very fun car to drive
right here not to mention great just
wanted to remind you again any further
interest in this vehicle or anything
else you've seen my current inventory
please visit our website I've got a lot
of high-quality pictures there for you
again this is a very sharp-looking 330ci
Imola red six feet doesn't get much
better than this
go and check it out a direct motors calm